refactor: introduce lean theme (#4865)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/table/readme.md

### CSS classes

| Name                        | Description                                                               |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `sbb-table`                 | Table styles (adapt to default size (s with lean, m with standard theme)) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sbb-table`                 | Table styles (corresponds to size s with lean or m with standard theme) |
```
